# RocketBoost
RocketBoost is an old learning management system (LMS) that was initially built by a single mentee. Keep that in mind while looking through it (the decisions made during this app's development are not all the best). The front-end is built with Vue (styled with Vuetify) and lives in the `src/main/frontend` directory. The back-end is built with Spring Boot and lives in the `src/main/java` directory.

The deployed application can be found at https://rocketboost.astontech.com/

## Front End

Before running the commands below, make sure you've installed NPM dependencies by running `npm install` in the `src/main/frontend` directory. Also, make sure you're running these commands from the `src/main/frontend` directory since that's where the `package.json` file is located (which defines these NPM scripts).

#### To run in local development mode:
```
npm run serve
```

#### To access the front-end documentation:
```
npm run styleguide
```

#### Video Player
[Plyr.io](plyr.io) is an HTML5 video wrapper used to serve video content within this project. You can view some documentation [here](https://github.com/sampotts/plyr).

#### Admin Panel
There's an admin panel that you can access from the drop down menu in the top right corner of the front-end after entering the Konami code: `↑ ↑ ↓ ↓ ← → ← → A B ↵`.

#### Resetting the Test User
Logout as test user (Alex.Mastin) then to get the default back, open the Chrome Dev panel, go to Application, and choose Clear Storage.

## Back End

Just a simple Spring Boot back-end with some REST endpoints.

Documentation generated by Swagger UI is accessible at `{BASE_URL}/swagger-ui.html`.

---

## Entities

Users assigned a role of `ADMIN` _(those who have a role of `Mentor_Dev`, `Mentor_Cisco`, `Mentor_Virl` in Active Directory)_ are able to add new paths, courses, and videos, as well as create and edit quizzes.

All other users are assigned the `USER` role.

### Paths
Paths are the overarching subjects that Aston offers to mentees -- topics like Java Development or Cisco Voice.

Paths can be created by navigating to `/pathways` and clicking _Add a Path_.

### Courses
Courses encompass large concepts within a path (e.g. Object-Oriented Programming within the Java Path). Courses serve as a container for videos. Courses can also be created and modified at `/pathways`.

##### Creating courses
To create a course, a path must exist. Select a path for the new course and then click _Add a Course_. This will take you to the Course Builder, where you can add a title and description to the course as well as any videos it should have.

### Videos
Videos are stored in an AWS S3 bucket. When creating a course and adding videos, the URL of each video should be the full URL of the video in the S3 bucket. While the video player _does_ support any video source, sites like YouTube for example have policies in place which prevent pointing to a URL directly. Videos must be contained in a course.

### Notes
Notes can be saved to a video to help the user remember information about the topic. A note is contained within one video. 

##### Creating a Note
Notes are added on the video player page. While watching a video, select the _Notes_ tab on the right. Then, enter a note and click _Save_.

##### Viewing, Editing, and Deleting Notes
Notes are accessible on the `/notes` page. Notes are meant to only be visible by the user that created them. If a note has a timestamp, clicking on the note's video link will start the video at that timestamp.

### Quizzes
RocketBoost also contains a Quiz Builder. It facilitates creating multiple choice questions and scores quiz submissions. Quiz responses are not saved and will be cleared once the user leaves or refreshes the page.

##### Creating a quiz
To create a quiz, navigate to `/quizzes`. In the top right corner of the table, you should see a + button. That'll take you to the Quiz Builder where you can add a title and description, as well as any relevant tags for the quiz. Tags function as a way to filter for quizzes surrounding a given topic. For example, a quiz about Microsoft SQL Server might have a `Databases` tag, while a quiz about Agile and Waterfall may have a `SCRUM` tag.

### Course Progress and Video Playback
Progression of a user through a particular course is tracked by counting how many videos have the `completed: true` property. When a user leaves a video, their progress is saved, and will resume from that point when they return to the video.

#### Lights On/Out
To toggle dark mode while watching a video, press the light bulb button that appears when hovering over the video player.

#### Video Player Controls
A list of the controls for the video player can be found by clicking the remote icon to the right of the video title. A dialog will appear which lists all available controls.
